---
layout: post
title: Structure Engineer Assistant Project
category: blog
tags: structure engineer   assistant  project
hidden: false
---
**Structure Engineer Assistant Project**

It's been a long time before this updating. Last time, I was going to upload 3d model of a rhino project. But I was hjacked by decorating my new house and then moving. I will try my best to upload the 3d model as soon as possible. And recently, I spent most of time hanging out with aluminum truss pedestrain bridge since there will be mid-term report for this research. On my way home from work, I began to think about a new project based on my limited work experience as a structure engineer. During my work, I realized there were bunch of routines which cost my a lot of time and probably can be done by machine. For most of rookies in my company, they have to spent most of their time on calculating and drawing. For some experienced engineers, they have to review drawings making sure its correctness. Wrong information on drawings may lead to disasters. It means if there is a drawer there shall be a drawing reviewer. If machines act as drawing reviewers, it would save experienced engineers time so that they can do much more creative work like focusing on structure analysis. In the past decade, machine learning and computer vision technology evolves fast beyond most people's imagination. Self-driving and image detect are most popular technologies in most IT companies. With those technologies, it is not hard to create a drawing review machine which can review drawings and then search for wrong information comparing with input information (expected information). Machine is good at comparing and searching. That is why I think this part of project is not a star in the sky but an apple on a tree that will we can eat and taste it one day.

Besides, a good assistant shall do repeated and boring part of a job so that engineers are able to do creative part of a job. Thus, the assistant as I expect shall think in the way of structure engineers. For instance, the assistant can automatically calcualte structures based on different structure regulations based on input information. It's equivalent to the process of optimization with specific boundary conditions. After calculation, the assistant shall automatically finish construction drawings with input information. With the assistant, designers can concentrate on creative part of a case like new form of structures and shapes. May be it is kind of crazy now, but I still want to have a try.