---
layout: post
title: Chat Application Extension && Data Visualization Framework
category: projects
tags: Java DesignPattern Architect Plug-in API
hidden : false
---

When I think of these two projects, it reminds me of the day I enjoyed the software engineering course 15-214 in CMU.
I still remember the snowy day of the first lecture I took. Pittsburgh's winter is extremely long. It usually begins at the last few days of September and ends at the earily days of May. Students need to use Java to finish programming homework in
this course. Different from data structure and algorithm courses, this course actually focuses on higher level of programming. This is the first time, I realize there are design patterns, frameworks and plug-ins. The most interesting part is design pattern, it perfectly makes the OOP more flexible and multiple. 

There are actually tens of homework I need to finish. I began to draw UML graphs and analyzed which pattern should be better
when implementing functionalities. The first homework is trying to design programes for a game called scrabble. It is actually a kinda puzzle game. We have four users to implement and there are extra rules designed for this homework. It is really a good homework for us to understand what design patterns are and the important of those patterns. And at the end of 
this course, framework and plug-ins were introduced and data visualization framework and chat-application extension were designed to understand them and really make use of them. Until this time, I realize the importance of sustainable of codes.
Except for design patterns, this course told me that I can save more time when deploy libraries and frameworks.

Codes can be found at my github repository:
- <a href = "https://github.com/JeremyInCMU/DataVisualizationFramework">Data Visualization Framework</a>
- <a href = "https://github.com/JeremyInCMU/ChatApplicationExtension">Chat Application Extension</a>